This document describes the various ways Sliver implants secure communication back to the C2 server. Note that this does not apply when Mutual TLS is used.

## Transport Encryption for HTTP(S) / DNS

When the implant cannot directly route TCP traffic back to the C2 server or redirector the implant may, when configured to do so, connect back to the C2 server over HTTP, HTTPS, or DNS. In an operational environment it may not be posssible to establish a trusted HTTPS connect back to the server and HTTP/DNS do not implement any tranport encryption so Sliver "brings it's own crypto" to all of these protocols including HTTPS. This allows us to establish secure connections even if the only way out of the network is over a HTTPS interception proxy.

## Key Exchange

1. Implant requests a public RSA key from the server in the "clear"
2. Server responds with a public RSA key in the "clear" (X.509 2048-bit)
3. Implant verifies RSA public key is signed by the trusted authority embedded at compile-time
4. Implant generates AES session key, encrypts it with the public RSA key, and sends it to the server
5. Server generates a session ID, encrypts it with the session key using AES-GCM-256, and sends it back
6. All messages are encrypted with the session key using AES-GCM-256 and associated with via the session ID
7. Each side stores a SHA2-256 hash of each message's ciphertext to detect replayed messages.

__Note:__ "Clear" data may still be encoded/obfuscated but is considered public. Session IDs are also considered public parameters. It's up to the protocol specific `tansports` to handle any data encoding/obfuscation. Session keys are only stored in memory

```
[implant] ---[ Do you have an RSA Key? ]-----> [server]
[implant] <--[ Here is my RSA Key ]----------- [server]
[implant] ---[ RSA encrypted AES key ]-------> [server]
[implant] <--[ AES encrypted session ID ]----- [server]

[implant] <--[ AES encrypted session data ]--> [server]
```

### Security Goals
The security goals of this key exchange/setup are:

* Robust data secrecy, integrity, and authenticity
* Protection against MitM attacks
* Protection against replay attacks
* Protection against bit-flipping, padding oracle, etc. attacks

## Known Limitations

The key exchange should provide a reasonable amount of security, however when possible we still recommend using Mutual TLS. There are some known limitations in this scheme that we plan to address in the future, if you spot any or have ideas on improvements please file a ticket or contact us.

1. __No implant-to-server authentication__: One of the nice properties of mutual TLS is that the implant authenticates itself to the server in addition to the server authenticating itself to the implant. In this model the implant never proves to the server it was generated by this server. Since the implant does have ECC keys known to the server in the future we plan to have the implant sign some type of nonce or timestamp during the key exchange.
2. __Session Initialization Replays__: While there is replay protection against any messages sent between the server and the implant the initial message that establishes the session can be replayed against the server, but should only result in another (unassociated) session getting created.
3. __Perfect Forward Secrecy__: We do get some forward secrecy, since only the public key encrypted version of the session key is sent over the wire. Therefore, recovery of the hardcoded implant keys (implant ECC private key, implant ECC public key, CA ECC public key) from the binary should not result in recovery of the session key. Only when the server's private key is compromised is forward secrecy broken. However, it my be desirable to do a full DH-exchange to protected against recovery of the server certificates too.